Mnemonic Schools
         * The set songs that everyone learns; liberal arts.
         * The specialized songs in particular disciplines
         * Those who write the new songs 

Songscapes
         * Allowing for distant travel
         * Danger avoidance.
         * Lost harmonies that get discovered that lead to new places
         * lost verses discovered.
         * Climbing songs 

1) A woman gets shipwrecked and lost in a new land, nearly dying. She is saved by a strange singing man.
         I. Description of near death
                  1. Lost
                  2. Out of food
                  3. Wild food
                  4. Sickness         
         II. Description of how she got here.
                  1. Normal life before ship
                  2. Reason for getting on ship
                  3. Shipwreck
         III. Saved
                  1. Man walks in singing to himself, disgusted by smell.
                           a. She thinks she's dying and hallucinating.
                           b. He keeps repeating a rhyming line and emphasizing a phrase while sticking the berries out
                           c. He leaves, she passes out.
                           d. She awakens to him sticking a herbal paste in her mouth and giving her water.
                           e. In and out of counsciousness, the man singing and wandering around, smiling at this and that.
                                    I. She recognizes some words.
                  2. She's recovered. 
         IV. Enjoying being saved
                  1. Language overlap -- he knows some she knows
                           a. name of the ocean
                           b. stars
                           c. from the ocean and stars, he knows the name of the lands she came from
                           d. based on these things he can get her home.
         V. Interlude of years/Closing
                  1. She's learned his language
                  2. He's taught her some songs -- including the navigation song that leads home
                  3. She's at sea singing the appropriate song and noticing the appropriate things that i'll be reading about (stars, birds, swells, etc)
                  4. He even taught her some songs that vaguely reference hidden wealth/treasures/minerals/??? in her old home, and she intends to use her new skill to find them and make a new life.

2) An old woman is telling children a tale about a girl who forgot some of her traveling song, lost her way, and nearly died.
         I. Opening scene: In a few years the children will have to make a trial of their stories.
         II. Description of the mountain pass
                  1. It's twisty and complex
                  2. It's of central importance: It's the only way out of this valley.
                  3. It's dangerous
                           a. Brain-eating birds
                           b. The blue underground bandits.
                           c. Pirhanas
         III. Beginning
                  1. Girl was out playing in the woods when she saw ships approaching and attacking the town.
                           a. why they're attacking: the valley is lush and easily defensible except via the sea
                           b. Those in the valley are clever but the ships get bigger and the soldiers more armored this generation.
                  2. She knew they'd defend themselves but she also knew the neighboring people would help if they knew.
                  3. She decides to go. She knows the way to the pass but she sings the valley song anyway.
         IV.  Succesful trials
                  1. Getting food
                  2. Incoming rain -- finding shelter for the night
                           a. Snakes live in the cave but they hate the smell of a certain mashed berry.
                  3. The birds.
                           a. They come at a certain time of day
                           b. The rodents and stuff hear them first, so if they're gone, it's time to be still/hide.
                           c. Bones with caved-in skulls from the birds somewhere.
         V. The wrong turn.
                  1. She knows the song *after* the turn, but not the turn itself.
                  2. She guesses.
                  3. She realizes much later that it was the wrong turn
                           a. She bumps into some blue bandits.
         VI. Doomed
                  1. Pierced by a javelin in a fight with them.
                  2. She wins david and goliath style + traps.
                  3. She can patch the cut but it gets infected without treatement.
                  4. Can't think straight because of pain, infection spreading.
                  5. Something about the infection/world/etc reminds he of the right words.
                  6. She feels a burst of energy and finds her way back to the original location (she's been memorizing her turns in a memory palace)
         V. Rescued
                  1. She makes it to the other valley.
                  2. Passes out while reporting the siege.
              
                  
         
3) A genious mnemonic oracle feels imprisoned in her persistent drug-induced stupor and both physically and mentally escapes.
4) An old dying man leaves his village and makes his way to his dying place via song. 

Septentrio 
Aquilo et Caecias et Subsolanus: 12 Yesterday, all my troubles seemed so far away
Vulturnus Euronotus Auster: 9 Now it looks as though they're here to stay
Libonotus atqu'Africus: 8 Oh I believe in yesterday 
Etiam Favonius Corus Thrascias: Why she had to go I don't know, she wouldn't say (12)
Deinde Septentrio: et haec sunt omnia. I've said something wrong now I long for yesterday (12)


